yo what's up guys it's rage by the way
back with another fury warrior video
you're probably wondering rage what the
heck am i looking at what is what is
this opening
what are we looking at right now why am
i looking at a bunch of physical dps
what is this
guys this is super important i felt like
this was important enough where i need
to make a video on it because i feel
like it's that big of a deal
um there's been a lot of talk of like
how we're gonna be gearing warriors
what's happening and not even just
warriors right it's other
classes that we could potentially have
to fight for for gear this is actually
such a big deal guys so
sims finally came out um a lot of the
top-end people are doing sims right now
i'm getting a lot of my information from
fight club if you don't know fight club
it's like the discord for
classic tbkc classic warriors it's kind
of where we get all over
all of our information from as warriors
um a lot of people around the world
um that play well come together um and
that are very knowledgeable and they you
know figure out information that we need
to know about warriors and kind of like
number crunch and do all the things that
we might not be able to do as a single
person so
it's a very good group of people um i'll
probably put the link in the discord
or the link to the discord in the
description somewhere but this chart
just came out
so as you can tell fury warriors are at
the top right here what this is
this is dps with a dst
what the percentage is in changing or
what the what the dps
is like a change-wise like increase um
compared to other classes
and currently we are seeing from
sims that um fury warriors are actually
gain the most dps out of a dst
now as you can see here we're obviously
not top dps we're not like we're not
like top dps
uh they're still bm hunters bm hunters
are still absolutely insane
rep paladins are also very very good
right now um we're actually starting to
see that red pellets actually put out
some crazy numbers for dps so
um we're not the top dps but we are the
dps with the biggest
increase in dps when we get dst
as you can tell just from ren's sim um
he had uh he had almost uh what is it
like a 60
60 dps increase that's quite a bit
that's that's a lot
so it's the same about with brock's um
you can see the percentage of the delta
on the side that's pretty much like
the percent increase that you get from
that um
super i know this chart can kind of seem
like kind of crazy to look at but um
it's super simple so the dps with dst
you see that chart dps with second bis
um usually second bis is
what you'd replace um if you didn't have
dst what you had before
and what you would put dst in that slot
so a lot of times like for warriors
it'll be you'll replace the
the hourglass with dst and you'll keep
bloodlust brooch
and dst um i'm not actually sure if they
switch this out with swarm guard i know
like if you have swarm guard and dst
that's actually the best setup currently
for fury warrior
i'm not sure um how they kind of keep
that in mind i
i would assume that this is with our
glass switch um
that's what i would think um i don't
think that you'd really switch this out
you would never switch this out with
bloodlust if you didn't have swarm guard
you would keep bloodless bruce and dst
um bloodlust for which is obviously just
insane we all know what it does um
so that's what i would assume that this
would be like to replace for hourglass i
can't tell you exactly
what these other classes use for their
second bis um
i know that hunter's best in slot is
actually
one of their best in slots is actually
hourglass and i know they keep hourglass
with dst so it's probably like bloodlust
brooch i would assume
for hunters that they would replace they
put dst instead of bloodlust bruce
or something like that um i'm not very
knowledgeable about that if you guys
know more about like hunters
or anything like that make sure to drop
in the comments i'd love to like learn i
tried doing some research on my own and
i couldn't really find
like if you look at work warcraft logs
for hunters and like other these classes
some of them are a lot easier to read um
hunters it was kind of all over the
board
i know for sure like i saw there was
definitely a ton of hourglasses so i'm
assuming hourglass is definitely used
um and then dst has kind of just like
replaced whatever trinket that they're
using but there's so many trinkets it
seems like for hunters that like they
can replace it with the sd anyway
so when it comes to the second bits
there's actually like not really that
much of a dps
so so the biggest thing here is that
going into tbc
the the the main idea was that you give
this you give a dst to a hunter
hunter gets prio you give dst to a
hunter um
they they don't they they are the best
with a dst
and now we're seeing in these sims this
is why it's a big deal because now we're
seeing these sims that that's actually
not the case
um with the new melee weaving that they
are doing that hunters are doing as bm
they actually only gain one dps increase
which is actually kind of insane because
like that's that's not even enough to
really throw them one right not saying
it's still not good right so when you go
up to bm if you're not a melee weaver i
i would assume that
99 of the hunter population isn't melee
weaving um it's kind of a hard thing to
do
it's still in sims is only a 12 or a 12
dps increase a 0.31
that's that's not really that big of a
jump um
it we're seeing that because of the way
we gear nowadays
because of the stuff that we figured out
um and
the more that we we try to min max we're
realizing that dst
actually isn't that great for some of
these classes i mean even a druid cat
only a point 48 even even a rep
paladin's only getting about 0.91
so it's such a weird situation and
and seeing fury warriors up there is
obviously makes me happy as a fury
warrior um
fury warriors are seeing some light now
and especially for like wanting to gear
now can i say that most guilds are are
still going to give
hunters bm hunters the dst probably um
there's a lot of people that don't
believe in the simming they don't
believe in the numbers they just you
know kind of go with what it goes
simming obviously is 100 um there's
obviously human error there's things
that happen
so numbers could be way better you know
like like bm hunters get um
once they throw on a dst like all of a
sudden they're seeing like 100 dps
increased 200 dps increase
and you know that's just because of
human error the dstb could be helping um
with human error because of the haste
increase but if you were
this is just based on a sim this is
based on if you were just going 100 of
the time
100 of the uptime nothing nothing going
on
this would be the dps um changes so
in theory fury warriors are the best
with dst
um we kind of already were under the
impression that dst was actually really
good for fury warriors anyway because
the haste
there's been actually been a lot of
guilds that have been prior wing fury
warriors dsc a lot of like the guilds
that are kind of like
theory crafting and really pushing the
fury warrior meta um for a lot of these
bosses even rogues are kind of like
getting
like painted a lot of dsts um i haven't
really seen like very many shamans get
dsts um i've seen our rep paladin
actually got a dst and we saw his dps
increase quite a bit so that was good
um and we have a hundred that got a dst
and honestly the hunter that we got the
dst we didn't see like a huge like dps
increase like don't get me wrong vm
hunters do crazy damage
already it's not that the guy didn't do
it doesn't do damage because he's
literally top dps he's a bm hunter
um but it's it's almost like you you see
a bigger dps increase with um
with these kind of melee classes right
now than you do the hunters and
that kind of like flips like what we
think upside down right because like
beforehand
it was always about 100 bm like you have
to give the hunter throw the dst at the
hunter
dst like go hunter prior for dst and
we're seeing that that's not really the
case anymore um with however that we
what however maybe like hunter gearing
is nowadays maybe it's a lot better than
it was
maybe it um if you're all about the
private server stuff i know like a lot
of these numbers come from like private
server people
um that maybe they're a little bit
skewed maybe like it's obviously private
servers i'm 100
you know they have to like try to like
pretty much clone world of warcraft and
you know world of warcraft's gonna do
world of warcraft the best um when it
comes to their their
actual numbers so it's a strange concept
uh
especially because like if you went to
your raid leader to tomorrow and and
they didn't believe in this kind of
stuff or they weren't up to date with
this stuff and you were like and this
guy was like a tbc raider back in the
day and you were like yo dude
fury warrior we gotta give him the dst
look at this there's so much big it's
such a bigger increase in their damage
they're probably gonna laugh at you like
you're probably gonna get laughed at
right like
it just it's it's probably still not
gonna happen people probably still
aren't gonna pay attention to it
but it is good that now we know that
going forward even we have a lot to be
helpful about as a fury warrior
looking at different trinket uh
different trinkets i'm gonna be posting
during this whole video i'll have like
all the trinkets probably popping up and
stuff while i talk about them
but if you're a fury warrior currently
my advice right now
is to look forward to see what trinkets
that you know that could potentially be
prior to other classes
and maybe see if you can cement your
your place into being like
yo by the way even though we said hunter
bms we're gonna get
our bm hunters we're gonna get dst
like fury warriors are actually crazy
with them like their their dps goes up a
ton
right so we could potentially see the
same results from other trinkets
we'll have to see dst is obviously just
an insane trinket haste is
as we know now um for fury warriors is
mind boggling it's you could do so much
damage with it um
fury warriors like one of the top dps
like in the game currently
in my opinion i've seen a lot of fury
warriors like top dps on most even the
bigger guilds
so we have a lot to look forward to i
wanted to put out this video to inform
you guys
what we're looking at i know it's kind
of like a 10 minute video it's gonna be
like a 10 minute video
video you can skip through it um or if
you've already gotten to this point
you're probably not skipping through it
but i appreciate you guys um watching
the entire thing
let me know what you guys think about
the dst what you guys think about the
sims
um and how you think we're gonna be
looking forward um going as a warrior
i appreciate you guys and we'll see you
guys in the next video